Add scoring survey results newspost (#7173)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-04-13-scoring-survey-results.md

---
layout: post
title: "Scoring Survey Results"
date: 2022-04-13 08:00:00 +0000
---

The results from the survey we held recently about scoring and scoreboards are in. Check out where your opinions stand with the rest of the community!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/media/generic-header.png)

> A few weeks ago, we asked for your thoughts on how scoreboards should be handled in the future as a part of the [community meetings recap newspost](/news/2022-03-07-community-meetings-recap.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few weeks ago, we asked for your thoughts on how scoreboards should be handled in the future as a part of the [community meetings recap newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2022-03-07-community-meetings-recap).
```

> [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) and [smoogipoo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1040328) went through the results together during the [community meeting on April 3](/wiki/Community/osu!_community_meetings/) if you're interested in hearing some live commentary from the game's developers on the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) and [smoogipoo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1040328) went through the results together during the [community meeting on April 3](/wiki/Community/osu!_community_meetings) if you're interested in hearing some live commentary from the game's developers on the topic.
```
